Team Name: INCOGNITO

	TEAM MEMBERS

Name: Bhuva Raj 
En. No.: 180760107007

Name: Ranpariya Rinkesh
En No.: 180760107050

Name: Rathod Rahul
En No.: 180760107053

Name: Shingala Jaydeep 
En No.: 180760107056


	Problem Statement

FinTech :
The FinTech industry in India has grown exponentially. At 87%, India has emerged as a leader in FinTech adoption, as per Global FinTech Adoption Index 2019 reports. This sector has grabbed attention of not only start-ups but also established companies along with public and private sector banks.


	Technology Stacks

General
? Python
? HTML, CSS
? JAVA script
? SQL

Python Data Science And Visualization Library like,
? Pandas
? Numpy
? Matplotlib
? Seaborn


	Solution

First of all we have to monitor the transaction of customer by Transaction monitoring.

What is Transaction Monitoring?
? A process of reviewing customer transactions and matching them against customer risk profile & usual transaction pattern. Subsequently, perform a focused examination of transactions and identification of Suspicious transactions.
? Transactions may include transfers, deposits and withdrawals

Objective :
? To protect bank/FI from Any transactions that may lead to money laundering and terrorist Financing
? Regulatory fines/penalties for not identifying such transactions.


	Transaction Monitoring Rules

Find Out below Pattern in the transactional  DATA
? Consolidation of transactions close to threshold
? Overall increase in transaction volume
? Suspicious spend behaviour
? High Volume of transactions
? Payment made with some IP address
? Low buyer diversity
? Change in Customer profile before large transactions
? Frequency of withdrawal and deposits
? High transactions count from new Users

By this analysis we can make machine learning model to predict the fraud transaction and other Terrorist activities,

	
	Transaction Monitoring | Key Red Flags

? Customer, who is a public official, opens account in the name of a family member who begins making large deposits not consistent with the known sources of legitimate family income.
? Transactions that involve depositing large amounts of cash inconsistent with the normal and expected activity of the customer.
? Customer who is a student, uncharacteristically transfers or exchanges large sums of money.
? Account shows high velocity in the movement of funds, but maintains low beginning and ending daily balances.
? Transaction involves offshore institutions whose names resemble those of well-known legitimate financial institutions.

	
	Transaction monitoring process

? Suspicious Transaction alert is generated
? Consolation of customer profile information
? Search previous Transaction alert or SAR against customer
? Transaction review & analyse usual Transaction pattern
? Detailed investigation on alerted Transaction & identify Source
? Understand relation between customer & party making transaction
? Decision on the Suspicious transaction alert 















